proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientRequest.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientRequest
 com.proto.patient.PatientRequest$1
 com.proto.patient.PatientRequest$Builder
proto/main/grpc/com/proto/beds/BedsServiceGrpc.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$1
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$2
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$3
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceBlockingStub
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceFutureStub
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceImplBase
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$BedsServiceStub
 com.proto.beds.BedsServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/Patient.java
 com.proto.patient.Patient
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsMessageResponseOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageResponseOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/DoctorResponseOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorResponseOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/DoctorIdOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorIdOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/Doctor.java
 com.proto.doctor.Doctor
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/DoctorRequestOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorRequestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/Beds.java
 com.proto.beds.Beds
com/talitaoliveira/grpc/hospital/server/BedsServiceImpl.java
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.BedsServiceImpl
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.BedsServiceImpl$1
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.BedsServiceImpl$2
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientRequestOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientRequestOrBuilder
com/talitaoliveira/grpc/hospital/server/HospitalServer.java
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.HospitalServer
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientAverageRequestOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageRequestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/DoctorResponse.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorResponse
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorResponse$1
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorResponse$Builder
com/talitaoliveira/grpc/hospital/server/PatientServiceImpl.java
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.PatientServiceImpl
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.PatientServiceImpl$1
com/talitaoliveira/grpc/hospital/server/DoctorServiceImpl.java
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.server.DoctorServiceImpl
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsMessage.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessage
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessage$1
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessage$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsAvailableResponseOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableResponseOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientId.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientId
 com.proto.patient.PatientId$1
 com.proto.patient.PatientId$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/DoctorId.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorId
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorId$1
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorId$Builder
proto/main/grpc/com/proto/HospitalTest/HospitalServiceGrpc.java
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$1
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$2
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$3
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceBlockingStub
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceFutureStub
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceImplBase
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$HospitalServiceStub
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
proto/main/grpc/com/proto/patient/PatientServiceGrpc.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$1
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$2
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$3
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceBlockingStub
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceFutureStub
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceImplBase
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.patient.PatientServiceGrpc$PatientServiceStub
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientIdOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientIdOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsAvailableResponse.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableResponse
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableResponse$1
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableResponse$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientResponseOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientResponseOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/HospitalTest/HospitalMessageOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalMessageOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsMessageOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/HospitalTest/HospitalMessage.java
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalMessage
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalMessage$1
 com.proto.HospitalTest.HospitalMessage$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientResponse.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientResponse
 com.proto.patient.PatientResponse$1
 com.proto.patient.PatientResponse$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsAvailableRequest.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableRequest
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableRequest$1
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableRequest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/doctor/DoctorRequest.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorRequest
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorRequest$1
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorRequest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsMessageRequestOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageRequestOrBuilder
com/talitaoliveira/grpc/hospital/client/HospitalClient.java
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.client.HospitalClient
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.client.HospitalClient$1
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.client.HospitalClient$2
 com.talitaoliveira.grpc.hospital.client.HospitalClient$3
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsMessageRequest.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageRequest
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageRequest$1
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageRequest$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientAverageRequest.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageRequest
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageRequest$1
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageRequest$Builder
proto/main/grpc/com/proto/doctor/DoctorServiceGrpc.java
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$1
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$2
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$3
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceBlockingStub
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceFutureStub
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceImplBase
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$DoctorServiceStub
 com.proto.doctor.DoctorServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsMessageResponse.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageResponse
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageResponse$1
 com.proto.beds.BedsMessageResponse$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientAverageResponseOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageResponseOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/beds/BedsAvailableRequestOrBuilder.java
 com.proto.beds.BedsAvailableRequestOrBuilder
proto/main/java/com/proto/patient/PatientAverageResponse.java
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageResponse
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageResponse$1
 com.proto.patient.PatientAverageResponse$Builder
proto/main/java/com/proto/HospitalTest/Servicetest.java
 com.proto.HospitalTest.Servicetest
